docs(manifest): Update `start_url` and `scope` pages based on document URL clarifications (#36784)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/manifest/start_url/index.md

  - : A string that represents the starting URL of a web app.
    The URL can be absolute or relative.
    If the value is relative, it is resolved against the manifest file's URL.

    If `start_url` is unspecified or the value is invalid (i.e., not a string, not a valid URL, or not same-origin with the page that links to the manifest), the URL of the page that links to the manifest is used.

>     If [`scope`](/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest/scope) is not specified in the manifest or `start_url` is not within the specified `scope`, the effective scope will be set to the `start_url` value after removing its filename, query, and fragment.

Reviewer: In "start_url" this should be an aside, because it is about scope (IMO). I would also perhaps omit the detail here.

```suggestion
    > [!NOTE]
    > If [`scope`](/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest/scope) is not specified in the manifest it will be inferred from the `start_url` (or effective `start_url` if the value is undefined or invalid).
```

## Description

The `start_url` allows you to recommend an appropriate common entry point for all users.

When a user installs a web app, the installation happens from the page they're currently viewing.
During installation, the browser fetches the manifest file linked from this page.
While the manifest file can be served from any origin, the installation process is tied to the page where it begins.
Consider a scenario where:

- The installation page is `https://myapp.example.com/index.html`.
- The manifest file is hosted at `https://assets.cdn.com/manifest.json`.
- The `start_url` is `https://myapp.example.com/home`.

The specified `start_url` in this example will be used because it is same-origin with the page from which the app is being installed.
If the specified `start_url` were on a different origin (for example, `https://differentapp.example.com/home`), browsers would fall back to using the installation page URL as the starting point.

> This ensures that web apps start only on pages within their own origin.

Reviewer: Love this.

  - : A string that represents the starting URL of a web app.
    The URL can be absolute or relative.
    If the value is relative, it is resolved against the manifest file's URL.

>     If `start_url` is unspecified or the value is invalid (i.e., not a string, not a valid URL, or not same-origin with the page that links to the manifest), the URL of the page that links to the manifest is used.

Reviewer 2: Should we Glossary-ify 'origin' here?

```suggestion
    If `start_url` is unspecified or the value is invalid (i.e., not a string, not a valid URL, or not {{glossary("origin", "same-origin")}} as the page that links to the manifest), the URL of the page that links to the manifest is used.
```
